Welcome back.
Now we're going to get started on react and learning react in building a project around react in the
upcoming videos.
But I do want to mention one thing that is at the end of the videos we're going to build a project a
robo France project and we're gonna put it up on github.
Now you don't need to worry about all the files that are in here but you will notice that there's a
package that Jason File in this package that Jason File.
We've seen before has some dependencies with some versions of libraries and tools that we use.
And we've talked about this before right.
This is what NPM allows us to use to use this package.
Dad Jason from but I want you to pay attention because when you start doing the project and we install
react your versions are going to be different.
For example the version we're using for react is sixteen point two which is actually outdated because
a library is constantly evolving new fixes are being made new features are being added new security
issues are being solved or fixed.
So this number is constantly increasing.
Now when you watch the videos and you follow along you'll have the latest version of react and your
projects are going to work.
No problem.
But at the end of that section when we built everything I'm actually going to go back and upgrade and
show you how I would do an upgrade so that we keep our projects as up to date as possible.
Now why would we care about that well if I go to my robo friends project which I'll link to when we
finish our ReACT project if we go to security here
you'll see that I have zero opened alerts but there's 24 closed ones that actually closed myself and
if I scroll through it shows me how many security issues I have in this project.
You see one of them is high severity.
One is critical severity.
That's not good right.
And sometimes when you look through get hub repositories you might see a warning like this Hey we found
some potential security vulnerabilities in your dependencies that is in my package.
Got Jason File I have some libraries that I've downloaded or that I'm using in my project that are now
outdated that I should upgrade because there's been some security updates.
Now if I click on something like handlebars you'll see that we need to upgrade handlebars to this version
or later.
So essentially updated like this to fix an issue now get hub is nice enough to actually do automated
security fixes.
So if I click on this they'll actually make a pull request to my project to update these things.
But we're going to say that until the end of the project so that you can actually see how the project
is set up and how we can keep projects up to date and also secure so don't worry.
If this lesson is a little confusing we're gonna come back to it.
I just want to prepare you that when we build our project with react we're going to be up creating a
bunch of the things later on at the end of the project just to show you that process now the last thing
I want to mention is this idea of the center which we talked about which is the versions of packages
you see over here that I have the load Rush package and I'll link to this resource that you can play
around with.
Let's say I wanted to download handlebars like we see over here.
So if I wanted to checkout handle bars
I see the handlebars package all the versions that it has now.
If I go to the handlebars vulnerability it tells me that I should upgrade handlebars to this version
or later because there's some security issues with the older version.
Well I can just copy this.
This version and if I go over here and enter the range it shows me exactly which packages I should be
downloading or have an handlebars.
Now you see here that I have different symbols that we haven't seen before.
And if I go down it actually tells me that it specifies a range of stable versions.
So this just means hey download anything greater or equal to Version 4.0 point for PD if I do the cart
symbol which we've seen before and I hit enter I get the same thing but if I change this to let's say
version 1 I see that with the carrot I get all the versions that are within version 1 but if I change
this to greater than or equal to you see that I get versions 1 and above.
So I'll leave this resource for you to explore again it's something we don't have to worry about too
much right now.
But I want to prepare you to start thinking about these things because when I first got it started nobody
told me about this idea of updating packages.
How do you update them.
Why do we update them but this is a good practice that we will encounter.
I'll see in the next one.
Bobby.